and Hannah prayed my heart rejoices in
and Hannah prayed my heart rejoices in the Lord my horn is exalted in the Lord
the Lord my horn is exalted in the Lord
the Lord my horn is exalted in the Lord I smile at my enemies because I rejoice
I smile at my enemies because I rejoice
I smile at my enemies because I rejoice in your salvation
in your salvation
in your salvation no one is holy like the Lord for there
no one is holy like the Lord for there
no one is holy like the Lord for there is none besides you nor is there any
is none besides you nor is there any
is none besides you nor is there any rock like our God talk no more so very
rock like our God talk no more so very
rock like our God talk no more so very proudly let no arrogance come from your
proudly let no arrogance come from your
proudly let no arrogance come from your mouth for the Lord is the God of
mouth for the Lord is the God of
mouth for the Lord is the God of knowledge and by him actions are weighed
knowledge and by him actions are weighed
knowledge and by him actions are weighed the bows of the mighty men are broken
the bows of the mighty men are broken
the bows of the mighty men are broken and those who stumbled occurred it with
and those who stumbled occurred it with
and those who stumbled occurred it with strength those who were full have hired
strength those who were full have hired
strength those who were full have hired themselves out for bread and the hungry
themselves out for bread and the hungry
themselves out for bread and the hungry have ceased to hunger even the barren
have ceased to hunger even the barren
have ceased to hunger even the barren has born 7 and she who has many children
has born 7 and she who has many children
has born 7 and she who has many children has become feeble the Lord kills and
has become feeble the Lord kills and
has become feeble the Lord kills and makes alive he brings down to the grave
makes alive he brings down to the grave
makes alive he brings down to the grave and brings up the Lord makes poor and
and brings up the Lord makes poor and
and brings up the Lord makes poor and makes rich he brings low and lifts up he
makes rich he brings low and lifts up he
makes rich he brings low and lifts up he raises the poor from the dust and lifts
raises the poor from the dust and lifts
raises the poor from the dust and lifts the beggar from the ash heap to set them
the beggar from the ash heap to set them
the beggar from the ash heap to set them among princes
among princes
among princes and make them inherit the throne of
and make them inherit the throne of
and make them inherit the throne of glory for The Pillars of the Earth are
glory for The Pillars of the Earth are
glory for The Pillars of the Earth are the Lord's and he has set the world upon
the Lord's and he has set the world upon
the Lord's and he has set the world upon them he will guard the feet of his
them he will guard the feet of his
them he will guard the feet of his saints but the wicked shall be silent in
saints but the wicked shall be silent in
saints but the wicked shall be silent in darkness for by strength no man shall
darkness for by strength no man shall
darkness for by strength no man shall prevail the adversaries of the Lord
prevail the adversaries of the Lord
prevail the adversaries of the Lord shall be broken in pieces from heaven he
shall be broken in pieces from heaven he
shall be broken in pieces from heaven he will thunder against them the Lord will
will thunder against them the Lord will
will thunder against them the Lord will judge the ends of the earth he will give
judge the ends of the earth he will give
judge the ends of the earth he will give strength to his king and exalts the Horn
strength to his king and exalts the Horn
strength to his king and exalts the Horn of his anointed then Elkanah went to his
of his anointed then Elkanah went to his
of his anointed then Elkanah went to his house at Rhema but the child
house at Rhema but the child
house at Rhema but the child ministered to the Lord before Eli the
ministered to the Lord before Eli the
ministered to the Lord before Eli the priest now the sons of Eli were corrupt
priest now the sons of Eli were corrupt
priest now the sons of Eli were corrupt they did not know the Lord and the
they did not know the Lord and the
they did not know the Lord and the priests custom with the people was that
priests custom with the people was that
priests custom with the people was that when any man offered a sacrifice the
when any man offered a sacrifice the
when any man offered a sacrifice the priests servant would come with a
priests servant would come with a
priests servant would come with a 3-pronged flesh hook in his hand while
3-pronged flesh hook in his hand while
3-pronged flesh hook in his hand while the meat was boiling then he would
the meat was boiling then he would
the meat was boiling then he would thrusted into the pan or kettle or
thrusted into the pan or kettle or
thrusted into the pan or kettle or caldron or pot and the priest would take
caldron or pot and the priest would take
caldron or pot and the priest would take for himself all that the flesh hold
for himself all that the flesh hold
for himself all that the flesh hold brought up so they did in Shiloh to all
brought up so they did in Shiloh to all
brought up so they did in Shiloh to all the Israelites who came there also
the Israelites who came there also
the Israelites who came there also before they burned the fat the priests
before they burned the fat the priests
before they burned the fat the priests servant would come and say to the man
servant would come and say to the man
servant would come and say to the man who sacrificed give meat for roasting to
who sacrificed give meat for roasting to
who sacrificed give meat for roasting to the priest for he will not take boiled
the priest for he will not take boiled
the priest for he will not take boiled meat from you but raw and if the man
meat from you but raw and if the man
meat from you but raw and if the man said to him they should really burn the
said to him they should really burn the
said to him they should really burn the fat first then you may take as much as
fat first then you may take as much as
fat first then you may take as much as your heart desires he would then answer
your heart desires he would then answer
your heart desires he would then answer him no but you must give it now and if
him no but you must give it now and if
him no but you must give it now and if not I will take it by force
not I will take it by force
not I will take it by force therefore the sin of the young men was
therefore the sin of the young men was
therefore the sin of the young men was very great before the Lord for men
very great before the Lord for men
very great before the Lord for men abhorred the offering of the Lord but
abhorred the offering of the Lord but
abhorred the offering of the Lord but Samuel ministered before the Lord even
Samuel ministered before the Lord even
Samuel ministered before the Lord even as a child wearing a linen ephod
as a child wearing a linen ephod
as a child wearing a linen ephod moreover his mother used to make him a
moreover his mother used to make him a
moreover his mother used to make him a little robe and bring it to him year by
little robe and bring it to him year by
little robe and bring it to him year by year when she came up with her husband
year when she came up with her husband
year when she came up with her husband to offer the yearly sacrifice and Eli
to offer the yearly sacrifice and Eli
to offer the yearly sacrifice and Eli would bless Elkanah and his wife the
would bless Elkanah and his wife the
would bless Elkanah and his wife the Lord give you descendants from this
Lord give you descendants from this
Lord give you descendants from this woman for the loan that was given to the
woman for the loan that was given to the
woman for the loan that was given to the Lord then they would go to their own
Lord then they would go to their own
Lord then they would go to their own home and the Lord visited Hannah so that
home and the Lord visited Hannah so that
home and the Lord visited Hannah so that she conceived and bought three sons and
she conceived and bought three sons and
she conceived and bought three sons and two daughters meanwhile the trials
two daughters meanwhile the trials
two daughters meanwhile the trials Samuel grew before the Lord now Eli was
Samuel grew before the Lord now Eli was
Samuel grew before the Lord now Eli was very old and he heard everything his
very old and he heard everything his
very old and he heard everything his sons did to all Israel and how they lay
sons did to all Israel and how they lay
sons did to all Israel and how they lay with the women who assembled at the door
with the women who assembled at the door
with the women who assembled at the door of the tabernacle of meeting why do you
of the tabernacle of meeting why do you
of the tabernacle of meeting why do you do such things for I hear of your evil
do such things for I hear of your evil
do such things for I hear of your evil dealings from all the peoples no my sons
dealings from all the peoples no my sons
dealings from all the peoples no my sons where it is not a good report that I
where it is not a good report that I
where it is not a good report that I hear you make the Lord's people
hear you make the Lord's people
hear you make the Lord's people transgress if one man sins against
transgress if one man sins against
transgress if one man sins against another God will judge him but if a man
another God will judge him but if a man
another God will judge him but if a man sins against the Lord who will intercede
sins against the Lord who will intercede
sins against the Lord who will intercede for him nevertheless they did not heed
for him nevertheless they did not heed
for him nevertheless they did not heed the voice of their father because the
the voice of their father because the
the voice of their father because the Lord desired to kill them
Lord desired to kill them
Lord desired to kill them and the child Samuel grew in stature and
and the child Samuel grew in stature and
and the child Samuel grew in stature and in favor both with the Lord and Men
in favor both with the Lord and Men
in favor both with the Lord and Men then a man of God came to Eli and said
then a man of God came to Eli and said
then a man of God came to Eli and said to him thus says the Lord did I not
to him thus says the Lord did I not
to him thus says the Lord did I not clearly reveal myself to the house of
clearly reveal myself to the house of
clearly reveal myself to the house of your father when they were in Egypt in
your father when they were in Egypt in
your father when they were in Egypt in Pharaoh's house
Pharaoh's house
Pharaoh's house did I not choose him out of all the
did I not choose him out of all the
did I not choose him out of all the tribes of Israel to be my priest to
tribes of Israel to be my priest to
tribes of Israel to be my priest to offer upon my altar to burn incense and
offer upon my altar to burn incense and
offer upon my altar to burn incense and to wear an ephod before me and did I not
to wear an ephod before me and did I not
to wear an ephod before me and did I not give to the house of your father all the
give to the house of your father all the
give to the house of your father all the offerings of the children of Israel made
offerings of the children of Israel made
offerings of the children of Israel made by fire why do you kick it my sacrifice
by fire why do you kick it my sacrifice
by fire why do you kick it my sacrifice and my offering which I have commanded
and my offering which I have commanded
and my offering which I have commanded in my dwelling place and honor your
in my dwelling place and honor your
in my dwelling place and honor your son's more than me to make yourselves
son's more than me to make yourselves
son's more than me to make yourselves fat with the best of all the offerings
fat with the best of all the offerings
fat with the best of all the offerings of Israel my people therefore the Lord
of Israel my people therefore the Lord
of Israel my people therefore the Lord God of Israel says I said indeed that
God of Israel says I said indeed that
God of Israel says I said indeed that your house and the house of your father
your house and the house of your father
your house and the house of your father would walk before me forever but now the
would walk before me forever but now the
would walk before me forever but now the Lord says far be it from me for those
Lord says far be it from me for those
Lord says far be it from me for those who honor me I will honor and those who
who honor me I will honor and those who
who honor me I will honor and those who despise me shall be lightly esteemed
despise me shall be lightly esteemed
despise me shall be lightly esteemed behold the days are coming that I will
behold the days are coming that I will
behold the days are coming that I will cut off your arm and the arm of your
cut off your arm and the arm of your
cut off your arm and the arm of your father's house so that there will not be
father's house so that there will not be
father's house so that there will not be an old man in your house and you will
an old man in your house and you will
an old man in your house and you will see an enemy in my jowl in place despite
see an enemy in my jowl in place despite
see an enemy in my jowl in place despite all the good which God does for Israel
all the good which God does for Israel
all the good which God does for Israel and there shall not be an old man in
and there shall not be an old man in
and there shall not be an old man in your house forever but any of your men
your house forever but any of your men
your house forever but any of your men whom I do not cut off from my altar
whom I do not cut off from my altar
whom I do not cut off from my altar shall consume your eyes and grieve your
shall consume your eyes and grieve your
shall consume your eyes and grieve your heart
heart
heart and all the descendants of your house
and all the descendants of your house
and all the descendants of your house shall die in the flower of their age
shall die in the flower of their age
shall die in the flower of their age now this shall be assigned to you that
now this shall be assigned to you that
now this shall be assigned to you that will come upon your two sons hophni and
will come upon your two sons hophni and
will come upon your two sons hophni and Phineas in one day they shall die both
Phineas in one day they shall die both
Phineas in one day they shall die both of them then I will raise up for myself
of them then I will raise up for myself
of them then I will raise up for myself a faithful priest who shall do according
a faithful priest who shall do according
a faithful priest who shall do according to what is in my heart and in my mind I
to what is in my heart and in my mind I
to what is in my heart and in my mind I will build him a sure house and he shall
will build him a sure house and he shall
will build him a sure house and he shall walk before my anointed for ever and it
walk before my anointed for ever and it
walk before my anointed for ever and it shall come to pass that everyone who is
shall come to pass that everyone who is
shall come to pass that everyone who is left in your house will come and bow
left in your house will come and bow
left in your house will come and bow down to him for a piece of silver and a
down to him for a piece of silver and a
down to him for a piece of silver and a morsel of bread and say please put me in
morsel of bread and say please put me in
morsel of bread and say please put me in one of the priestly positions that I may
one of the priestly positions that I may
one of the priestly positions that I may eat a piece of bread